Description :
Home page:
1. Welcome note on top bar
2. Right top corner it will have select profile. Which users can select which profile's tasks they want to see
It will have a default option called "All" which gives tasks from all the profiles
3. Task list will have task name category reminder time , EM divisons
4. Bottom bar will have 4 tabs namely today, EM, Tasks, Profile

EM page:
This page visually gives eisenhower matrix, 
1. Gives description what it do in 1 line on top
2. Shows Eisenhower mateix and display list of tasks on each section.
Refer internet to undersrand what EM does
3. A dropdown below top bar will have 2 values
Today and All. Where today will place only todays takss in EM matrix and All will place all the tasks in this matrix.
4. Bottkm bar will have same tabs with EM tab in selected colour

Tasks page :
1. Top bar will have Tasks heading and selected profile
2. The entire task list will be displayed based on date order with recent date first.
3. Task list will have task name category reminder time , EM divisons, edit and delete button
4. Add task button on right bottom above bottom bar
5. Bottkm bar will have same tabs with tasks tab in selected colour
6. Delete button will delete the tasks with a alert pop up.
7. Add tasks is another page where they add tasks name category date time urgency important details and profile it bel9ngs to.
8. Then we have add category feature as well.
Refer all the diagrams for that.

Profile page :
It will have list of profiles and add edit peofile pop up. UI for that is defined in a diagram

. Select peofike button available in all the oages on right top corner.

Export /import functionality available in left top corner inside top bar. There will be a small hamburger button on clicking that. It will show side bar pop up with following options.
Name
Import
Export
About

Import featyre is restricted when data is already available. One warning needs to be given telling merging may sometime remove the existing takss. Proceed with your own risk.

Export will always export it in json form